Midgard. A group whose origins are shrouded in mystery. They appeared as suddenly as they disappeared, leaving little trace of their passing.

It began in 5446 when an independent prospecting team discovered a mine with an unprecedented quantity of high-grade gemstones enough to supply an army big enough to topple an empire. News of this discovery quickly spread across the Rim, all eyes turned to the site, calculating, assessing, but none dared to commence mining operations for fear of a political crisis.

In 5447, a rumour spread, speaking of a pirate gang contracted to smuggle gemstones out of the mine to an unknown entity. Greed and fear of military conquest soon prompted every nation to mobilise and race to take control of the mine, thus beginning the infamous Maluma War. The war raged across the rim for years. Towns and cities burned as every faction struggled for control over mining rights. By 5452, the mine, having been taken and retaken countless times was largely depleted, yet the bitter war dragged on. No one wishes to admit that they have lost more than gained, that this has become a war of pride and greed. Old rivalries and hatred were reignited as politicians desperately justify their positions.

It wasn't until 5459 when an unexpected event occurred that brought an end to the war. On a cold Decembary night, 45 kilometres south of the mine, yet another large battle was taking place. The site was so rich with magical energies that it lit up the battlefield like the sun. Myriad of magical projectiles were flung across the field in a dazzling rainbow-like display, men with glowing weapons and armours clashed, their weapons shone red, stained with the blood of the fallen. 

The battle was at its peak when a colossal beam of light shone out of the mine into the sky, the battle ground to a halt as the combatants hastily negotiated a truce to investigate the anomaly. Out of the light came six warriors, who revealed themselves to be of a group named Midgard. Revie, leader of the Midgard stepped forward and demanded all sides lay down their weapons and return home. Though baffled by their appearance, the commanders shared a burst of roaring laughter before ordering for the group's arrest.

Little is known of what occurred afterwards except that that none lived to tell the tale save for messengers dispatched earlier to report the disturbance to their respective nation. Within two months the Midgard had visited the capital of every faction and forced a peace treaty, wiping out any who refuse to lay down their arms.

Although wildly unpopular with the military, the Midgard was celebrated by civilians for restoring peace to the Rim and ending a decade long conflict. They built a tower next to the mine from which they kept a watchful eye over the lands. Either out of fear or respect, the nations did leave them to their own devices, even occasionally seeking their assistance in removing threats, their prowess (said to originate from their weapons) made them unstoppable on the battlefield.

Under their guardianship, the world entered a golden age of peace and prosperity. For 10 years, no major conflicts occurred and all is well until one day the Midgard disappeared without a trace, leaving an empty tower behind.

Though fearful of the Midgard, over the years the nations have come to benefit from the protection of the Midgard, and sent scouts across the Rim seeking their whereabouts. Weeks turn to months. Months turn to years. All efforts proved fruitless: nobody knew what happened to them or where they went. Some believe that they were kidnapped, but there was no evidence to back up their claims. Occasionally a rumour would spread of a sighting, but they always turn out to be drunken banter or false. Eventually, the search of the Midgard ceased.

At the 25th anniversary of the end of the Maluma War, a legendary blacksmith named Jango released his replica weapon designs of the Midgard to the world in honour of the group. Although based on the original weapons, Jango was never able to replicate the level of power demonstrated by the heroines.
